so as we explain the different types of
representation tends to enable different
analysis in particular we can gradually
add more and more deeper analysis
results to represent text data and that
would open up but more interesting
representation opportunities and also
analysis capacities so this table
summarizes what we have just seen so the
first column shows the texture
recognition the second visualizes the
generality of such a presentation
meaning whether we can do this kind of
representation accurately for all the
text data or only some of them and third
column shows the enable analysis
techniques and the final column shows
some examples of application that can be
achieved through the step of
representation so let's take a look at
them so as a string text can only be
processed by using stream processing
algorithms but it's very robust its
general and there was this some
interesting application that can be done
at this level for example compression of
text doesn't necessarily need to know
the world boundaries although knowing
water boundaries might actually also
help water base replenishing is a very
important level of representation it's
quite general and relatively robust it
can enable a lot of analysis techniques
such as water relation analysis topic
analysis and sentiment analysis and
there are many applications that can be
enabled by this kind of analysis for
example thesaurus discovery has to do is
discovering related words and top Yemen
really opinion related applications are
abandoned and there are for example and
young people might be interested in
knowing the major topics covering the
cracking of text and this can be the
case in research literature scientists
want to know what are the most important
research topics today
or customer service people might want to
know what are the major complaints from
their customers about by remaining their
email messages and business intelligence
people might be interested in
understanding consumers opinions about
their products and competitors products
to figure out what are the winning
features of their products and in
general there are many application that
can be enabled by the replenishing at
this level now moving down or see we can
graduate add additional recommendations
by adding syntactic structures we can
enable of course syntactic graph
analysis we can use graph mining our
students to analyze syntactic graphs and
some applications are related to this
kind of representation for example
stylistic analysis generally requires
the syntactical replenish syntactic
structure advantage we can also generate
the structure based of feature features
and those are features that might help
us classify the text objects into it if
in the categories by looking at the
structures sometimes the classification
can be more accurate for example if you
want to classify articles into different
character categories corresponding to
different authors I want to figure out
with which of the K authors has actually
written this article then you generally
need to look at the the syntactic
structures when we add entities and
relations then we can enable out of
techniques such as knowledge graph
analysis or information network analysis
in general and this analysis would
enable applications about entities for
example discovery of all the knowledge
and opinions about a real-world energy
entity you can also use
this level with representing to
integrate everything about the entity
from scapular sources finally when we
add a logical predicate than we would in
enable large inference of course and
this is can be very useful for
integrative analysis of the scheduler
knowledge for example we can also add
ontology on top of the extracted
information from text to make inferences
a good example of application in this
enabled by this level of representation
is a intelligent and knowledge assistant
for biologists this is an intended
program that can help biologists manage
all the relevant knowledge from
literature about a research problem such
as understanding functions of genes and
the computer can make inferences about
some of the hypothesis that the
biologist might be interesting for
example whether a gene has a certain
function and then the intelligent
program can read the literature to
extract the relevant effects do it by
doing information extraction and then
using a lot of system to actually track
let's the answers to a researchers
questioning about what genes are related
to what functions so in order to support
this level of application we need to go
as far as logical representation now
this course is covering techniques
mainly based on word based orientation
these techniques are general and robust
and thus are more widely used in various
applications in fact in virtually all
the text mining applications you need
this level of repetition and the
techniques that support analysis of text
in this level
but obviously all these other levels can
be combined and should be combined in
other supporters sophisticated
applications
so to summarize here are the major
takeaway points textile repetition
determines what kind of mining
algorithms can be applied and there are
multiple ways to represent text strings
words syntactic structures engineer
relation graphs knowledge Capretta
kate's etc and these different rapidity
representations should in general be
combined in real applications to the
extend we can for example if even if we
cannot do accurate the segregation of
syntactic structures we can take that
partial structures extracted and if we
can recognize some entities and that
would be great so in general we want to
do as much as we can and when different
levels are combined together we can
enable
richer analysis more powerful analysis
this course however focuses on water
based representation such techniques
have also several advantages first their
general robust so they are applicable to
any natural language that's a big
advantage over other approaches that
rely on more fragile natural chemical
processing techniques secondly it does
not require much manual effort or
sometimes it does not require any manual
effort so that's again important benefit
because that means you can apply it
directly to any application third these
techniques are after is surprisingly
powerful and effective for many
applications although not all of course
as I just explained now they are very
effective partly because the words are
invented by humans as basic units for
communications so they are actually
quite sufficient
for representing all kinds of semantics
so that makes this kind of water based
recognition also powerful and finally
such a water based representation and
the techniques enabled by such a
recommendation can be combined with many
other sophisticated approaches so they
are not competing with each other